README.md, before:

# jai-sdl3

Jai bindings for [SDL3 3.2.14](https://github.com/libsdl-org/SDL/releases/tag/release-3.2.14) using the Bindings Generator.

These bindings are 'pure', we don't add or change the interface to SDL3.

## Installation

Copy this into your modules folder, then:

- Windows: Put the proper (x86/arm64) `SDL3.dll` next to your executable.
- MacOS/Linux: Not supported yet, but should be trivial to do if you have a Mac or Linux machine! (see contribution section)

## Notes

Due to current limitations in the bindings generator, especially around nested macros, some enums (e.g. `SDL_WINDOW_...`) and macros (e.g. `SDL_WINDOWPOS_UNDEFINED`) don't get generated by default.

To fix this we hardcode some code in `generate.jai` that gets put at the top of the generated bindings file. As the bindings generator matures we should be able to get incrementally get rid of these until the bindings are fully automated.

## Contribution

Want to support a new platform or found some missing enums/macros not generated? please feel free to send a PR!

To support a new platform check `generate.jai` and replicate what's done in the Windows section for MacOS/Linux, then run `jai generate.jai`.

Commit message:

Use #load,system and update readme for linux support

README.md, after:

# jai-sdl3

Jai bindings for [SDL3 3.2.14](https://github.com/libsdl-org/SDL/releases/tag/release-3.2.14) using the Bindings Generator.

These bindings are 'pure', we don't add or change the interface to SDL3.

## Installation

Copy this into your modules folder, then:

- Windows: Put the proper (x86/arm64) `SDL3.dll` next to your executable.
- Linux: Ensure SDL3 binaries are installed on your system (Thanks to [Marvhus](https://github.com/marvhus))
- MacOS: Not supported yet, but should be trivial to do if you have a Mac machine! (see contribution section)

## Notes

Due to current limitations in the bindings generator, especially around nested macros, some enums (e.g. `SDL_WINDOW_...`) and macros (e.g. `SDL_WINDOWPOS_UNDEFINED`) don't get generated by default.

To fix this we hardcode some code in `generate.jai` that gets put at the top of the generated bindings file. As the bindings generator matures we should be able to get incrementally get rid of these until the bindings are fully automated.

## Contribution

Want to support a new platform or found some missing enums/macros not generated? please feel free to send a PR!

To support a new platform check `generate.jai` and replicate what's done in the Windows/Linux section for MacOS, then run `jai generate.jai`.
